Cee



Toni

Toni, originally from Yorkshire, joined PINT during lockdown as an outreach volunteer. A true animal lover, Toni aspired to help the many homeless people and their pets that she encountered, by giving as much support as possible through outreach campaigns. Shocked by the amount of homelessness during the pandemic, and inspired by the organisation, Toni brought PINT to the North of England, helping to increase the support available to those in need.

Daisy

"I am passionate about the fight to end homelessness and feel lucky to be part of the team at PINT. I'm with likeminded people who are helping others and making a positive impact to lives everyday."

Anwar

"When I was suffering it was difficult for me mentally and physically. Sometimes, you want to give up, but then you see there is much more to life. An organisation like PINT made a big difference in my life, I felt compelled to join them and help make a difference towards others in their lives."

Anwar, a widely known figure in today's boxing world, and a former homeless person supported by PINT, joined the charity as an organiser and participant. Having lost his way of life and career due to a life changing illness, the support that PINT gave Anwar was massively appreciated, and he uses his connections with many of those he has befriended on the streets of London to help shape the organisation.

Charlotte Devaney

Charlotte Devaney, our ambassador and voice when it matters. A bubbly and vibrant individual working relentlessly on her career as a DJ and artist, who always finds time for those in need. Like Toni, Charlotte is a huge animal lover, whose concern ensures that our four legged friends on the streets gain the love they need as well as their owners. 

Derek

"I volunteer with PINT because it is important to help people in need. Too often, they are regarded as faceless bundles of clothes in doorways. Each person deserves dignity and respect, everyone has a story and an inner life. We provide more than food, we are good listeners and want to engage, to give people space to talk. I value this very much and look forward to seeing our friends every Wednesday and Friday."


Marya

"My religion teaches me that what matters most in life is the good deeds you do on earth and the legacy you leave behind. Also, there is much misconception out there about the homeless and needy and someone needs to correct that!"




Lastly, not to be forgotten are our volunteers whose efforts allow our work to continue. Whether through outreach, a one-off visit, or a regular spot at our soup kitchen, each one plays a vital role in our little army, tackling homelessness one day at a time. Special thanks to: Marya, Yashar, Dionne, Richard, Donna, Nayna, Gary, Tush, Chris, Ruvini, and all the others who make it happen. 